---
title: "Release Notes"
description: ""
origin: https://dev.sitecore.net/Downloads/Sitecore_Print_Experience_Manager/8_0/Sitecore_Print_Experience_Manager_for_8_0/Release_Notes_IW
---

February 12, 2015 released PXM 8.0 rev. 150202

  

# Compatibility

This version is compatible with Sitecore XP 8.0. It can also be used with Sitecore versions 7.1 or later versions up to 7.5 XP.

  

# Highlights

InDesign Connector and InCopy Connector:

-   New version of InDesign Connector plugins for Adobe InDesign CC (MAC & Windows). 
-   New version of InCopy Connector plugins for Adobe InCopy CC (MAC & Windows). 
-   New version of InDesign Connector plugins for Adobe InDesign CC 2014 (MAC & Windows). 
-   New version of InCopy Connector plugins for Adobe InCopy CC 2014 (MAC & Windows).

InDesign Server Engine:

-   New version of InDesign Server Engine plugin, for Adobe InDesign CC Server.
-   New version of InDesign Server Engine plugin, for Adobe InDesign CC 2014 Server.

Sitecore Print Studio InDesign Processing Service:

-   New version of Sitecore Print Studio InDesign Processing Service.

Sitecore Print Studio Dashboard Server:

-   New version of Sitecore Print Studio Dashboard Server.

  

# New features and improvements

InDesign Connector and InCopy Connector:

-   Supported secure (SSL) connection PXM with Sitecore.
-   The tree performance for the Content panel is improved. It scrolls and expands large number of items without much delay.

InDesign Connector:

-   Added ability to flow text automatically in as many pages as the text requires. The flow feature allows: many text frames to be threaded independently; flowing many text frames in one flow with predefined order; using flow-layout that differs from the start page for the autogenerated pages.
-   Added ability to convert static IDC project items into dynamic that fetch values from Sitecore.
-   Added support for the native InDesign image frame fitting options.

  

# Deprecated and removed features

InDesign Connector:

-   The option to scale images in the Change Image Frame dialog is removed.

  

# Resolved issues

InDesign Connector:

-   Master documents that contain a paragraph style with leading value auto are stored correctly in Sitecore. The value is no longer hardcoded.
-   Save operation in IDC project over large number of image frames no longer causes InDesign/InCopy to become irresponsive.